Well we've got the color map ready to go here what we need to do now is export out our low poly character
so we can take it into a game engine and go back to the default view and I don't need texturing on right
now.
So here is the character that we're going to export what we need to do is export out the low poly character
as well as the eyes.
So I'll just select each one of these.
The chefs select the R and the low poly character.
We don't need the high poly character we don't need the lights.
So now we can come over here to file and export and I'm going to export it as an FBI X..
You can drag your blend files directly into unity and it will convert them to SBX the way it does it
is it goes and finds the original program that the file was created in like blender.
It opens it up in the background uses Blender's FDX converter to convert the file and then closes Blendr
up.
So if all that's going to happen we might as well just convert it ourselves here in Blender.
So I'll choose FDX.
Now I want to come over here and choose selected objects right here.
And eyebrows up to actually create a folder called exports to that and I'll put it right in here.
So this is.
I'll call this game character export
0 1.
Yes let's do that and away it goes.
So now what let's do is let's open up unity and bring all of our files in.
Ok hearing unity.
Let's go ahead and bring in our files here are our files right here.
We've got our game character SBX.
We've got our normal map are ambient occlusion map and our color map.
So let's go ahead and drag these in.
All we've got to do is take these files and drag them into the assets window here.
So there are the materials that came with the character and here is the actual character.
Let's bring in the other files as well.
Let's bring in the normal map right here.
Let's bring in the ambient occlusion and let's bring in the color map.
And then we go.
So now let's hook them all up.
Oh and one more thing I need the eye texture as well.
Let me go find that.
All right.
I have it here.
I'm just going to paste it into this folder.
This is the texture that we used earlier in Blender.
So just drag that in as well.
There we go.
So now I think we have everything we need.
I'll go back to unity and let's give this a try.
So I'm going to take this character and just drag him in.
And I'll come over here to the inspector and zeroed these out.
So he's right in the center of the grid.
There he is.
Now we come over here and choose the low poly character you can see the base color Shater over here
that came in from Blendr.
This is now a standard Shater in unity.
So this is where we'll put all of our texture maps the ambient occlusion map can go over here and the
occlusions slot the normal map can go over here and the normal map slot.
And then of course it says it needs to be marked as a normal map so we'll click fix now.
And that helps.
And then we take our color map and bring it over into the albedo slot.
And then we go.
So now we have our character now he's the light in the scene is kind of turned the wrong way let me
select the directional light and I'm going to bring it up.
And I'm also going to just rotate it in the scene so I like it.
So it points more at the front of the character and where you go now we should be able to see him a
little bit better.
And there you go.
Yeah he looks pretty good.
You can see he's got the normal map information in there.
We've got the color map.
He doesn't look too bad.
You can see the sculped information in here.
Yeah look at that again character.
Oh and let's also work on the ice here.
If we select the eyes Here's one and bring in our eye texture into the albedo and we've got that good.
OK.
Now there he is.
You can see
we've got the eyes in there.
The color map.
The normal map the ambient occlusion.
It doesn't look too bad.
And there we go our game character.